[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Woven through the legends,
from ancient India and Egypt,
are tales of wise masters who
reached a state of consciousness
that defied the laws
of human understanding,
with halos and rainbows,
accompanying the depictions
of these ancient masters.
These supremely
enlightened sages
were believed to have
activated a mysterious aspect
of themselves, known
as the light body,
often mistakenly compared
to other spiritual aspects
of human consciousness, such as
the causal and astral bodies.
The light body or
rainbow light body,
as referred to in
Tibetan traditions,
stands apart as
being the culmination
of all spiritual aspects.
But what is the
mysterious light body,
and how do humans activate it?
>> In many of the ancient
mystery traditions,
there is a longstanding practice
and cultivation, if you will,
of what is called
the light body.
Whether we're talking from
the ancient Tibetan systems,
the Kabbalistic systems,
the Egyptian systems,
so many ancient
traditions were all
working to achieve
this body of light.
But it was a
practice that needed
to be developed that was, over
time, through the practices
of the ancient
traditions, they would
develop more and more strength,
more and more mastery, more
and more control
within this light body.
It's like an enlightened state,
that they could shift into.
>> What exactly is the
concept of the light body?
I think that the best way
that we can explain it
is to look towards Tibet.
Because there was a tradition
there of the high lamas,
achieving a state of what was
known as the rainbow body.
And this was the way that they
were able to, quite literally,
translate their bodies from
a physical, material sense
into that of a
metaphysical state.
In other words, they could
quite literally disappear out
of physical reality.
It was said that
the lamas would know
when they were going to die, and
that they would then prepare,
go into a hermetically
sealed room.
And they would give
instructions that they were not
to be interrupted in any way.
And what they would then do is
go into a deep state meditation,
and quite literally, will
themselves out of reality,
to the point that they were no
longer present inside that room.
Afterwards, when somebody
would finally, open the door,
the only thing
that would be found
would be the remains of
their nails and their hair,
quite literally, that
which was already
dead before the process began.
>> Between the mid-1990s
and the mid 2000s,
I had the opportunity to lead
groups into some of the most
isolated and remote places,
including high on the Tibetan
plateau.
My understanding, from the monks
and the nuns, when I was there,
was that this is a
one time experience.
It's not something you go back
and forth from a light body,
back into this body, but
it is a full immersion,
where the physical body
literally begins to disappear.
And the goal is to not separate
the body from the spirit,
rather to infuse the biology
with the spirit to such a degree
that the biology
is transfigured.
It is transformed into light,
returning to the energy
that we all came from.
>> The light body is
functionally linked
to or connected to
the rainbow body.
The light body is not a
natural part of human beings.
It actually represents
one of the highest
stages of spiritual evolution
for human beings on this planet.
The light body, in relation
to the rainbow body,
emerges when there is a
fully functional, long term,
or permanent alignment
of inner unity.
>> Ultimately, the rainbow light
body of the Tibetans is resonant
with, if not,
interchangeable with,
the Christian concept of
the Resurrection body,
the glory body, or the
light body of Christ.
It's exactly the same state.
This is why, in his
resurrected form,
Christ is shown on
top of a rainbow.
The rainbow is symbolic
of that state of being.
And in all of the world's
mythological, spiritual,
religious traditions,
there's an allocation.
There's descriptions
of this state of being.
They all describe this as the
ultimate human attainment.
>> In the ancient
Egyptian traditions,
they looked at humans from the
dense physical body into this
eternalized light body, and that
their soul there would emerge
out as this light body, if they
had truly achieved that state
of enlightenment or
awakening, if you will,
through the practices
during their life.
Then as the body
dies, they can then
transform into the body of light
and join the gods in eternity.
>> So what is exactly
going on here?
Can we find the technology
involved with this?
And is the key to
understanding it
looking at the sarcophagi
in ancient Egypt?
Could it be possible that
the ancient Egyptians were
able to perfect this
process, where either in life
or, certainly, in
death, they were
able to translate the
body from a physical form
into a metaphysical state.
>> Throughout ancient history,
several light body activation
teachings were likely destroyed,
but the teachings that survived
remained within the libraries
of secret societies to preserve
the knowledge and keep
it circulating through
the collective consciousness.
Charles Musès, a mathematician
and esoteric philosopher,
wrote several books
throughout the 1900s,
using various pen names
such as Mussios and Musaios.
The esoteric teachings
found within these books
contain wisdom about
spiritual metamorphosis
and the power and purpose
of light body activation.
>> Dr. Muses' book,
The Lion Path,
was released in the mid '90s.
And in this book,
he starts to decode
one of the greatest alchemical
works ever conceived, which
are the casings of the shrine
of King Tutankhamun's mummy.
The exterior of these
tombs show, for example,
Tutankhamun in his Krast
body, spelled K-R-A-S-T.
This is the ancient Egyptian
term for the resurrected light
body form of Osiris.
And he shows how there's
the star of Sirius,
with three beams
of light entering
into the third eye of the
pupil form of Tutankhamun.
And Muses points out that the
hieroglyphs that accompany it
are the symbol for star,
the hieroglyph for star,
and the determinative
for walking.
And he says, this is
portraying Tutankhamun
going through a stargate.
Well, for me, it said,
this is Tutankhamun
becoming a star walker.
Musès was way ahead
of anyone in terms
of connecting the ancient
Egyptians with light body
transformation, the
opening of stargates,
and the understanding of our
body, as the stargate itself.
We talk about the
pyramid as a stargate.
We talk about external
portals, but really, it's
our body that should
be the focal point.
And that's an idea that's
really original to Musès.
>> The idea that the ancient
Egyptians may have had a process
to achieve a state of light body
is something that was looked
at in The Lion Path.
It suggested that a series
of different factors
were brought together,
including the use of sound,
the involvement of
light and photons,
including the use
of certain plants.
And that the bringing
together of all three
of these within ritual
practices would, in some way,
affect the inner workings of the
body, perhaps on a neural level,
perhaps on the level of the
DNA and the way it affects
the growth of both
body and mind,
or perhaps even on
a quantum level.
And that this would
begin to allow the body
to transform like a chrysalis,
evolving into a butterfly,
and that we would quite
literally gain light wings.
And what he pointed out
was that on the inside
of ancient Egyptian
coffins were wings.
Wings were, presumably, for the
soul of the spirit to adopt,
once they entered into this
astral state, a permanent state,
where you could quite literally
transform into a light body.
>> In The Lion Path by Charles
Musès, also known as Musaios,
he describes the transmutation
into a body of light,
like the life stages
of a butterfly,
meaning the unawakened
individual is like the larva,
awaiting transmutation.
But they can move into the
pupal stage, where they surround
themselves with a chrysalis
or a cocoon, which
is like a tomb or a womb, where
they can emerge into the world
as a fully awakened, fully
enlightened being of light.
We see this reflected in the
Egyptian funeral chamber, where
the mummies wrapped up,
just like the larvae wrapped
in silk, which then is placed
inside a coffin or a sarcophagus
that has the folded wings of
the pupa or the larva waiting
to emerge.
But then what happens
is the individual who
goes through this process
now can sail right
through the Bardo stages,
which, as Tibetan lore tells us,
are the stages
right after death.
And the individual moves
through those stages
because they have this
heightened state of being,
this enlightened
state of being, where
they are no longer subject to
the interruptions we call death.
>> So we often see the mummy
wrapped up was a chrysalis,
and we often see a
hawk head on the mummy,
showing it's turning into
something with wings.
So it was a definite idea
of a chrysalis turning
into something, which winged
meant able to traverse
more dimensions.
A caterpillar is
effectively one-dimensional,
crawls along
branches, just lines.
And it goes from one
dimension into three.
It's the most natural
thing for a caterpillar
to become a butterfly.
If it doesn't,
something is wrong.
A gland is tied off.
So we become, we change, but
we change in subtle ways.
Because it's not a
physical transformation,
as it is with the caterpillar.
It's a consciousness
transformation.
So we gain new abilities, new
perceptions, new insights.
So this was the idea,
and Egypt preserved it.
>> Muses was insistent that
we're going to discover lost
secrets of our
neurosecretory system,
that we're going to learn how to
switch on neural networks that
have lain dormant or have
been awaiting an activation.
We'll further discover the
secrets of the pineal gland
as a manufacturing plant of
the sacred secretions that
contain the secrets
of transmuting
our bodies into light.
And this is exactly what is
happening around the world now.
Millions of people, for
the first time in history,
are practicing yoga,
meditation, doing breathwork,
that is all aimed at triggering
pulses of these hormones that
can heal the body, help us enter
into elevated states of bliss
and joy, even open portals
in our consciousness
to enable interaction with
star walkers from other worlds.
So what Musès was
saying is that we
would learn how to become
star walkers by activating
these latent capabilities within
us, both in the pineal gland,
as well as in these
neural networks, that
would trigger the activation
of our light body.
>> Drunvalo Melchizedek,
author of The Ancient Secrets
of the Flower of Life books,
also has a program called
the School of Remembering, where
he gives various techniques
and practices for raising
the vibration of the soul,
for moving yourself into
a higher state of being,
which we can think of as part
of activating the light body.
>> I, suddenly, got
something very deep,
that the body is just light,
and that there's some connection
between what you think
and what you feel.
>> And looking at some
of these practices,
we can't help but wonder
if these are a continuation
of the teachings of the
order of therapeutae,
the teachings of Imhotep brought
forward into modern times.
Because Drunvalo
Melchizedek and Imhotep
are both students of Thoth.
Both of them are bringing this
ascended wisdom to the world.
Both of them are teaching
us how to reach inward,
to tap into these practices
and these techniques,
to raise our frequency to
an ascended state of being,
to activate the light body.
>> In 2001, Lawrence
Gardner's groundbreaking book,
Lost Secrets of the Sacred
Ark, examined the power
and production of monatomic
gold in ancient Egypt
and the practice of creating
bread or manna for the pharaohs
that contained monatomic gold.
This sacred cone-shaped
cake was thought
to promote longevity, provide
access to alternate densities,
and feed the light body.
But the question remains--
what biologically
happens inside the body
of the pharaoh, when they
ingested this mysterious bread.
>> I believe that the monatomic
gold was a useful element
in the activation
of the light body.
Not only did it trigger
the light body activation,
but it gave us
more time in order
to effect this
transformation as well.
And this was something
that was very important.
Because we need
this amount of time
in order to learn how to
operate our star walking body,
how to understand
the light body,
how to trigger it,
and then, ultimately,
how to be able to, on command,
phase into our light body.
>> Lawrence Gardner's work,
really, was a catalyst, for me,
to look differently at the
alchemical path and journey
and the purpose behind it.
Monatomic gold is
something that has
a fundamental shift on our
own molecular structure
within our bodies.
And combining with
the four elements that
combine to make our adenine,
thymine, guanine, cytosine
pairings, and then
uracil and transfer RNA,
combining with adenine,
the combination of this,
along with phosphorus, is
able to make for us what
I would call the holy
water or the water that
is the structure within the
icosidodecahedron that gives us
perfect 180 degree
dihedral angles, that
has light embedded within it.
That light water or
aqua sanctus luminous,
the water that is
of the sacred light,
is what activates this
higher order of our DNA.
And monatomic gold
plays a fundamental role
in the consumption of that,
plays a fundamental role for us
to be able to realize this next
evolution of the human story.
>> Our DNA is pretty phenomenal.
Traditional science is
still just scratching
the surface of what they
understand about the DNA.
In 1995, there was a Scientific
American article published
called Electric Genes.
Some scientists were
studying the current--
the flow of current
through the DNA.
They attached on either
end of one of the strands
in a double helix,
some ruthenium atoms.
I think they were just using it
as little electrodes to be able
to measure the current
running through the DNA,
but rather than what they
were expecting to see,
in terms of the
amount of current,
they ended up seeing 10,000
times more flow through the DNA
than what they're anticipating.
And is it possible that the
presence of these mono-atomic,
these single atoms of one of
these platinum group metals,
whether it be gold or platinum
or ruthenium, could it be,
that if we're ingesting it,
possibly, these are then
attaching themselves to
the end of DNA strands
and then creating a
higher flow, almost
like a superconductive state
of energy flow of light
and electricity through the DNA.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The production of monatomic
gold is often associated with
ancient Egypt.
The felines, essentially,
introduced human beings
to the mysteries of
monatomic elements
and had a number of
educational centers,
where the creation of monatomic
gold was a primary focus.
Interestingly, when you
transmute conventional gold
into a monatomic state,
it loses 44% of its mass.
The question is, where does
the 44% of the mass go?
The answer is into light, into
a high frequency form of light.
The ancient Egyptians
referred to this light
as light dimension.
>> The evidence is mounting,
that the pharaohs and ancient
initiates used the monatomic
elements of gold to access
different densities
of consciousness.
But a deeper look into the
particles emitted by the sun
provides a clue into
the subatomic structure
of this mysterious light body.
>> We know the sun is emitting
all sorts of particles,
especially a ton of photons
that we see as visible light.
But it also has another
particle that it
emits called the ignitons.
Now these ignitons, as they
are emitted from the sun,
have a massive amount
of energy, have
a massive amount of
information that hit the Earth,
and we absorb them.
When we absorb
these ignitons, they
entangle with our own
photons, creating biophotons.
They also increase
the electrical voltage
of our neurons, increasing
our processing speed
and raising our
level of awareness.
As you bring the heart
and the mind into unity,
you are absorbing more
of these ignitons.
They are starting
to connect and work
with the photons of
your natural body,
moving it into this
higher state of existence.
So the basis of
light body activation
comes from the
increased absorption
of ignitons, which
provides the quantum
energy our bodies need
to hold an increased
state of photonic energy.
>> In modern science today,
there is some discoveries coming
forward, talking about
something called ignitons.
Igna being from ignis,
the Latin word for fire.
And this particle is one
of the smallest particles,
very similar to neutrinos, but
neutrinos don't have any charge,
so they don't interact through
the electromagnetic forces.
They're not based on quarks,
so they don't interact
through the strong force.
They're very light,
almost no mass,
so they don't interact
through gravity.
So there's only one
force of the four physics
forces called the weak force,
that neutrinos interact through.
So the ignitons are proposed
to be very similar to neutrinos
in that sense that they're
weakly interacting,
but they're smaller.
They're based on consciousness,
so it's like a particle or unit
quanta of consciousness that
we can actually draw to,
as it comes through
us from the sun,
but we can begin to accumulate
it within our own energy body.
Through ancient
spiritual practices,
through meditation, through the
development of the light body,
we actually start to attract
more of these ignitons
to us, more of this
secret fire to us.
And it cultivates
within and becomes
what develops our light body.
We actually become
more illuminated.
More biophotons
emanate out from us.
More amplification of
our field, as a result.
>> [NON-ENLGISH SPEECH]
>> Everyone, absolutely everyone
naturally emits biophotons,
even if it's in small amounts.
These particles, these
biophotons, superphotons,
can be detected by
current technology,
even though their existence
was predicted decades ago.
Our ancestors' ancient cultures
had a very clear awareness
of the existence of
these superphotons.
Tibetan monks initiates
with abilities,
such as telepathic
communication, pyrokinesis,
and levitation exhibited
these qualities
due to the intense
emission of superphotons.
To achieve these
extraordinary abilities,
we need to increase the
production of these biophotons.
This can be achieved through
consistent, high-quality
meditation practices, or certain
spiritual and mystical methods.
The sum of these
super photons, when
produced in
significant quantities,
essentially constitutes
the light body,
because they form like a cloud
of light around the person.
>> A question that
naturally emerges is,
why would you want to attain
the light body to begin with?
It's an arduous path that
requires 100% dedication,
and most people, likely,
won't be able to attain it.
The reason why you
want to attain it
is not just to
fast track yourself
through the Tibetan Bardo,
or the afterlife realm,
or the halls of Amenti in
the Egyptian tradition,
or purgatory in the
Christian tradition.
It's because it's a path towards
greater love and compassion.
You ultimately learn about
the spiritual functioning
of the physiological
flesh and blood body.
You begin to apprehend
and understand and live
from the point of understanding
of your connection and oneness
with all that is, and
the recognition that love
must be in every thought,
every action that we take.
>> When we talk about
the human light body,
we have to take into
consideration that,
that light body is occurring
within a greater context.
It's not a standalone body.
It's part of a greater
field of energy.
Physicists, today,
in the lecture halls
will talk about this field.
And what they will say is,
there's a field out there that
connects all things, and
their hands are motioning away
from their bodies.
What they're missing is that,
yes, the field is out there.
Field is in here.
The light body is not
separate from the field.
We are the field.
We are disturbances in an
otherwise homogeneous field
of energy and information.
So in this way, the
awakening of the light body
goes far beyond simply
a spiritual practice.
It is an opportunity to embrace
the fullness of our humanness
and to bring our
humanness to bear
upon our everyday lives
in ways that we're only
beginning to understand.
>> The thing about the light
body initiatory path is that it
takes immense dedication,
almost superhuman dedication,
ultimately aimed at the
understanding that it's going
to cost you everything, that
your entire earthly existence
can be a part of your
consciousness that can then be
teleported to another location.
You can take that with you.
But everything else that we know
of Earth life will stay behind.
And that is something
that some people, perhaps,
are not willing to take
that dramatic of a step.
But today, we are recognizing
that this is a reality.
It is more than a possibility.
It's something that, according
to the Dalai Lama, all of us
are charged with
learning how to do.
The Dalai Lama would also
state that you have likely
spent many, many, many lifetimes
studying this and working
towards attaining
it, and that you
can attain it in one lifetime.
>> These practices of attaining
the light body are a process--
it's a build up process.
And I in our world
today, a lot of people
want the fast
route, the shortcut.
And while there may
be a fast route,
there's not really a shortcut,
but there are accelerated ways
of accomplishing this.
And I think many of the
ancient mystery school
and initiatory paths give
you those accelerated ways
to accomplish this.
So this is why those mystery
schools have been preserved.
That's why they're there.
They're there to guide us
through the process of awakening
and attainment.
>> For me, the path of
following the rainbow light body
and the light body tradition
aligns me with the cosmos.
It's the recognition.
This isn't something that one
figure in a particular tradition
has attained, be it Osiris
or Padmasambhava or Christ.
It's something that all of us
have the potential to attain.
We're all essentially
star walkers in disguise.
And by following the
light body practices,
we're going to link our
consciousness with other star
walkers from other
regions of space time.
And that's what's so
tremendously exciting.
I don't have to have--
I don't have to learn how
to do this all by myself.
It's not incumbent upon
me to figure it out.
It's long been figured out.
All I have to do
is get on the path.
It's like, hey,
welcome to the universe
is the message from
the light body.
>> We have to cultivate this.
It is a practice.
It's not something
that we can just
shortcut by trying to have
something outside of us
do it to us.
We have to cultivate
it within us.
The key is you, right?
This power, this potential,
is inside of you.
It's not outside of you.
So if you want to master it,
if you want to attain it,
it has to start
from inside of you.
You are the key.
You are the divine potential.